POP inspector is a service inspector for POP3 protocol and IMAP inspector 
is for IMAP4 protocol.

==== Overview

POP and IMAP inspectors examine data traffic and find POP and IMAP 
commands and responses. The inspectors also identify the command, header, 
body sections and extract the MIME attachments and decode it 
appropriately. The pop and imap also identify and whitelist the pop and 
imap traffic.

==== Configuration

POP inspector and IMAP inspector offer same set of configuration options 
for MIME decoding depth:

===== b64_decode_depth

This config option is used to turn off/on or set the base64 decoding depth 
used to decode the base64 encoded MIME attachments. The value ranges from 
-1 to 65535. A value of -1 turns off the base64 decoding of MIME 
attachments. The value of 0 sets the decoding of base64 encoded MIME 
attachments to unlimited. A value other than 0 or -1 restricts the 
decoding of base64 MIME attachments, and applies per attachment. The 
default value is 1460.

===== qp_decode_depth

This config option is used to turn off/on or set the Quoted-Printable 
decoding depth used to decode the Quoted-Printable(QP) encoded MIME 
attachments. The value ranges from -1 to 65535. A value of -1 turns off 
the QP decoding of MIME attachments. 
The value of 0 sets the decoding of QP encoded MIME attachments to 
unlimited. A value other than 0 or -1 restricts the decoding of QP MIME 
attachments, and applies per attachment.

===== bitenc_decode_depth

This config option is used to turn off/on or set the non-encoded MIME 
extraction depth used to extract the non-encoded MIME attachments. The 
value ranges from -1 to 65535. A value of -1 turns off the extraction of 
these MIME attachments. 
The value of 0 sets the extraction of these MIME attachments to unlimited. 
A value other than 0 or -1 restricts the extraction of these MIME 
attachments, and applies per attachment.

===== uu_decode_depth

This config option is used to turn off/on or set the Unix-to-Unix decoding 
depth used to decode the Unix-to-Unix(UU) encoded attachments. The value 
ranges from -1 to 65535. A value of -1 turns off the UU decoding of POP 
attachments. 
The value of 0 sets the decoding of UU encoded POP attachments to 
unlimited. A value other than 0 or -1 restricts the decoding of UU POP 
attachments, and applies per attachment.

===== Examples


    stream = { }

    stream_tcp = { }

    stream_ip = { }

    binder =
    {
        {
            {
                when = { proto = 'tcp', ports = '110', },
                use = { type = 'pop', },
            },
            {
                when = { proto = 'tcp', ports = '143', },
                use =  { type = 'imap', },
            },
        },
    }

    imap =
    {
        qp_decode_depth = 15,
    }

    pop =
    {
        qp_decode_depth = 0,
        b64_decode_depth = 10,
    }


